hi I'm Tony Fleming and this is flemings
ultimate garage everybody thanks for
joining us today 69 camaro rs/ss now
this is a one the nice things about this
cars this is kind of the way it rolled
off the showroom floor a couple small
upgrades on it to enhance the driving
original lemans coated car 71 color is
it and actually got very nice paint on I
kind of like to show that in the video
if I could it's nice well sometimes when
lowering the showroom here told tough to
see everything but at least it's nice
and clear and that's the way you want to
be able to see the the paint quality
everything on the chrome is looking very
nice stainless is all polished as thing
free bumpers get the RS SS front end
with the hideaway headlights and as you
look around there's some things that are
hidden inside the car that you really
can't see so for instance like this it's
got the right rally wheels on it but
this has radial tires on in 69 they
didn't have the radial tires on this car
would come with belted you know bias
belted tires which look period correct
they just don't drive great it's
probably one of the best things that
ever happened to the car was when when
they eventually went to radials so but
we do have a bias ply tires that we keep
in stock and if you want to put a set of
those on we can do that also inside here
buried and you can see it is a correct
my power disc brake package on the
Supersport that you would have gotten in
the bath is also the 12-volt
positraction rear end you would have got
that tip so as you look around it's a
pretty authentic sin the correct
moldings and on here even like the way
the stripe is and a lot of people do the
cowl induction hood I love a cowl hood
but this is the way the real super
sports came a z28 only came with the
cowl induction hood that the original
vinyl top the bio top looks really nice
on it but i'm not a huge fan of vinyl
tops to begin with but in this case here
it looks to it because it makes it look
almost like a convertible and so you
give it with the black stripe just a
little bit of pulling out great panels
fit great emils we talked about that the
vans are the value of these
r is obviously the authenticity of them
as you wander underneath here mr. cause
it just commenced we're doing a little
bit of an early video on it we're
finishing up some of the detail stuff
but for instance like the original
vacuum system is here for the RS package
here the matching numbers engine isn't
here the correct pulleys are in here
that's has the battery topper on it
which kind of looks correct things like
dual horns you know the power disc
brakes and an entire stream said earlier
but those are something people forget to
ask about especially since you know
everyday modern cars I have power
steering power disc brakes and all those
good things but here you go this is what
we would refer to more like a collector
car or an investment-grade car because
for instance like they're only original
once if they do have the matching
numbers engine engines in them they're
certainly worth more than the cars that
have replacement engines in the original
color to his car is still there and it's
a great-looking color on topic details
are like the insulation the front
suspensions all been sandblasted and
then repainted take it all apart call
new bushings and things like that are in
there it's been very nicely done as
touched up girl Kaltag is still in there
lots of documentation with this car just
a nice piece too because it's a 69
camaro super sport great colors and
matching numbers all right let's check
out the trunk for a second as we're back
in the back of the car here so we have
the front rear spoilers okay supersport
taillights also the r escalates the
backup lights are back here taking out
of this spot if it was just an SS it
would have these we have the backup
lights inside here but because it has
the RS package they move the reverse
lights their exhaust hips are benthic
right right way got a great-looking
exhaust and under here I'd like you to
see this this has a chambered exhaust it
wasn't stocked on a super sport and you
could get it on the z28 but it really
sounds great and looks fabric but look
at the detail of the suspension
underneath it
can be done shock bushings leaf springs
everything's been taken apart and
repainted what's really really nice even
the tag light works awesome we don't get
those pretty it takes a lot to get that
that old wiring done I let's take a peek
in the trunk a minute okay so you got
your correct stickers here but do you
know about the limited slip differential
bet the way trunk mat in it detailed
underneath here splatter coat of paint
it and this is nice toothless check this
out this has been clear coated also so
this way I won't rust on it you put a
cooler inside it spills or whatever a
lot of times people forget about them
and the water sits in there underneath
this mat and gets gets really really
ugly okay on the weather stripping is a
nice you saw it sounds good when it
closes too all right let's check out the
inside here because this is where things
add value to the vehicle for instance
like this has the clock in clock is
working this has the factory tack it has
the console gauges which I love and we
do have an original style am/fm radio or
AM radio that I would typically put in a
dash this is a replica of that radio an
upgraded unit but I would probably do is
just put the stock radio in the dash and
then move that to the glove box this way
the interior look totally stock got 120
mile an hour speedometer it's nice to
see when the clock is working but all
the gauges work I'll lights on the dash
work love this 3 spoke wheel some of you
may notice to this is the deluxe
interior so this has the upgraded door
panels and they're significantly more
expensive than the standard door panels
standard roll panels are flat and they
get the handles bolted on them these are
actually molded into a nice dash clear
mirror headliner back seats back seats
typically are in really good shape
there's not many people sit back there
but this does have the upgraded sound
system in it with some rear speakers of
the package shelf what I would like to
do if you decide to get this cars move
those speakers underneath the package
shelf some people like to leave them
there so I leave them for now if you
have some comments you'd like me to do
that we would actually move those
underneath the package shelf the package
shelf would have holes drilled in it
it's on the factory and it wouldn't have
those silver grills on topic will have
totally stock and I think pretty cool
you know we close up the video on this
car here we talk about some things and I
like to revisit
some of that stuff's on time great
looking color correct coded 71 lemans
blue original Super Sport rally sport
package also got the correct 12 bolt in
it's got the matching numbers engine in
it got the upgraded dash with gate
console gauges too and I'm just really a
nice driving cart so but sometimes we
get the big block cars people have kind
of beat on them and things like that
when the course left original and kind
of matching numbers you typically get a
little bit nicer driving car because
nobody has blown up the engine or maybe
abused it to to the extreme so anyway if
you find a way to get this in your life
they're only original once call us 30
1816 1000 tell you all about this 69
Camaro